Disclaimer
==========
This repository is a scientific product and is not official communication of the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration, or the United States Department of Commerce. All NOAA GitHub project code is
provided on an ‘as is’ basis and the user assumes responsibility for its use. Any claims against the Department of
Commerce or Department of Commerce bureaus stemming from the use of this GitHub project will be governed
by all applicable Federal law. Any reference to specific commercial products, processes, or services by service
mark, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply their endorsement, recommendation or
favoring by the Department of Commerce. The Department of Commerce seal and logo, or the seal and logo of a
DOC bureau, shall not be used in any manner to imply endorsement of any commercial product or activity by
DOC or the United States Government.


Description
===========
This gadget will expose serial ports to a snap. The serial port list seems to be generated using file globbing instead of regex. 
The serial ports listed  will be similar to the list generated by issuing the command  "ls /dev/tty[A-U]*". This should list serial ports that fit the patterns ttyS*,ttyUSB* and ttyACM*To use serial ports on your system make sure that the user is in the 
dialout group. To add a user to the dialout group you can issue the
following command. "sudo usermod -a -G dialout USERNAME"Afterwards logout and log back in.
